now
Cut its branches and leaves and break its wings has been completed
Next, I will rape his father Jin
Protect his hands and feet
Your Majesty, since
Traitor filial piety is already alone
Why don't you just kill him?
Save yourself the trouble
Li Si has been in the position for many years
The protégé's concerns are all over the government and opposition
If I kill Li Si at will
The situation will be turbulent
The disciples and officials who clung to him
You will be courageous
Then Your Majesty, next
How are you going to appease the officials?
I
Waiting for a miracle
You wait for the palace to knock
What are you thinking?
I'll wait for the palace to knock
Just because His Majesty is stupid
Above the temple
Deadwood is an official
The Monsters Between the Walls
Why did I say that?
Your Majesty is my foolish king
Everyone knows boldness
How dare you speak wildly, slander and reward carefully
Shu Huan retired
The so-called Luo does not knock
The etiquette is unclear
Say I'm stupid
Can there be evidence